# CPUfreq governors 
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_ADAPTIVE)	         += cpufreq_adaptive.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_BIOSHOCK)	         += cpufreq_bioshock.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_CONSERVATIVEX)         += cpufreq_conservativex.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_INTERACTIVE)	         += cpufreq_interactive.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_LAGFREE)               += cpufreq_lagfree.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_LIONHEART)	         += cpufreq_lionheart.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_ONDEMAND)	         += cpufreq_ondemand.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_PERFORMANCE)	         += cpufreq_performance.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_POWERSAVE)	         += cpufreq_powersave.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_BARRY_ALLEN)	         += cpufreq_barry_allen.o 
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_USERSPACE)	         += cpufreq_userspace.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_WHEATLEY)	         += cpufreq_wheatley.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_ALUCARD)	         += cpufreq_alucard.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_INTERACTIVEX)	         += cpufreq_interactivex.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_FRANKENSTEIN)        	 += cpufreq_frankenstein.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_DYNAMIC_INTERACTIVE)   += cpufreq_dynamic_interactive.o 
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_HOTPLUG)	         += cpufreq_hotplug.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_SMARTMAX)              += cpufreq_smartmax.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_LULZACTIVE)	         += cpufreq_lulzactive.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_DARKNESS)	         += cpufreq_darkness.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_COMMON)	         += cpufreq_governor.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_IMPULSE)	         += cpufreq_impulse.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_CYAN)		         += cpufreq_cyan.o 
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_BLUACTIVE)	         += cpufreq_bluactive.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_NIGHTMARE)	         += cpufreq_nightmare.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_LAZY)		         += cpufreq_lazy.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_PEGASUSQ)	         += cpufreq_pegasusq.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_INTELLIACTIVE)         += cpufreq_intelliactive.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_SMARTASSH3)	         += cpufreq_smartassH3.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_YANKACTIVE)	         += cpufreq_yankactive.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_THESSJACTIVE)	         += cpufreq_thessjactive.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_SMARTASS2)             += cpufreq_smartass2.o 
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_HOTPLUG)	         += cpufreq_hotplug.o
obj-$(CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_GOV_HYBRID)	         += cpufreq_hybrid.o
